PAY-6260: Update Apple Pay documentation with PDP integration and examples (#483)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/containers/apple-pay.mdx

  compact
  options={[
    ['Option', 'Type', 'Req?', 'Description'],
    ['location', 'string', 'Yes', 'Location where the Apple Pay button is to be rendered. Must be either "CHECKOUT" or "PRODUCT_DETAIL".'],

>     ['getCartId', 'function', 'Maybe', 'Required if createCart not provided. Should return a promise that resolves to the shopper\'s cart ID.'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['getCartId', 'function', 'Maybe', 'Required if "createCart" not provided. Should return a promise that resolves to the shopper\'s cart ID.'],
```
for consistency with `onButtonClick`, which also references "code" in double quotes.

>     ['createCart', 'object', 'Maybe', 'Required if getCartId not provided. Should have a getCartItems function that returns a list with the cart items to purchase. The list must contain at least one cart item.'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ['createCart', 'object', 'Maybe', 'Required if "getCartId" not provided. The object should define a single "getCartItems" property, which should be a function that returns a list of the cart items to purchase. The list must contain at least one cart item. Cart items must be provided as objects with, at minimum, an "sku" (string) and a "quantity" (number). See "Cart item object" section for more information.'],
```

with a dedicated section to specify what cart item objects should look like, e.g.,

<img width="789" height="912" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5989f89a-1758-4cc1-b504-0718b07453b6" />

what do you think?

Author: I like this approach better

import { render as PaymentServices } from '@dropins/storefront-payment-services/render.js';
import * as orderApi from '@dropins/storefront-order/api.js';
import { PaymentLocation } from '@dropins/storefront-payment-services/api.js';

const cart = events.lastPayload('checkout/initialized');

if (cart) {
  const $content = document.createElement('div');
  PaymentServices.render(ApplePay, {
    location: PaymentLocation.CHECKOUT,
    getCartId: async () => cart.id,
    onSuccess: () => orderApi.placeOrder(cart.id),
    onError: (error) => { console.error(error) },
  })($content);
}
```

## Product details page example

```js
import ApplePay from '@dropins/storefront-payment-services/containers/ApplePay.js';
import { render as PaymentServices } from '@dropins/storefront-payment-services/render.js';
import * as orderApi from '@dropins/storefront-order/api.js';
import { PaymentLocation } from '@dropins/storefront-payment-services/api.js';

const cart = events.lastPayload('pdp/values');

if (cart) {
  const $content = document.createElement('div');
  PaymentServices.render(ApplePay, {
    location: PaymentLocation.PRODUCT_DETAIL,
    createCart: {

>     getCartItems: async () => ([},

Reviewer: Should be sync

>     getCartItems: async () => ([},

Reviewer: Missing indentation
